In this project I was working on creating a thermostat with a breadboard using GPIO pins from a raspberry pi4. I had to wire two different LED’s that would show the progress of the thermostat, the red light would be solid if it was above temperature and was currently on HEAT mode, it would pulse if it was under temperature and currently heating to get to the set point temperature. The blue LED would do the same thing but for cold, if the system was in cool mode and it was under set point temperature it would be solid but if it was in cool mode and currently above the set point temperature it would be pulsing. I had to wire 3 buttons as well, one button was to change the modes between “off”, “cool”, and “heat”. The other two buttons would be to adjust the temperature set point up and down. Lastly, I had to wire an LCD screen to display the information to the user, this allowed the user to see the current temperature, current mode, set point temperature, and the current date/time. 

The part of the project that I did good at was the setting up the physical system, adding the buttons, LED, LCD, and wiring them correctly. Another thing that I did good at in this project was programming the system in python.  One aspect of the project that I could improve on and did from previous projects was the state machine diagram. I used draw.io to complete this and was able to make it better than previous projects but I think I could still organize it a bit better. The skills that I will be transferable to other projects will be the more experience in programming with python and setting up a State Machine in the program. The way that I made this project maintainable, readable, and adaptable was by using my resources to the best of my ability. I was able to research best practices when it came to setting up the State Machine in python and the wiring of the physical system. 
